Improve beginner documentation. (#66)
fox-it/dissect-docs: docs/source/target-query.rst

target-query
------------

The **target-query** tool is one of the most prominent tools of Dissect. It allows you to
**query a forensic image**

> to extract useful information from it. The basic usage format is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for extracting useful information from it. The basic usage format is:
```
